

http://wise2.ipac.caltech.edu/docs/release/allwise/expsup/sec2_1.html

Cf.
Figure 5 from    allwise/expsup/sec2_1.html
to
Figure 6 from	 allsky/expsup/sec2_2.html#figure3



The detailed distribution of Catalog sources on the sky is illustrated
by the source count maps in Figures 2-5. These Galactic projection
maps show the number of AllWISE Catalog sources in 0.2°x0.2° spatial
bins that have >2σ flux detections in each WISE band. The
concentration of sources towards the Galactic plane is clearly
visible, as are enhancements associated with the Large and Small
Magellanic Clouds and in W3 and W4 major star formation complexes. The
spoke-like features connecting the Ecliptic poles are caused by
enhanced coverage from the survey's moon avoidance maneuvers. The
decrease in source counts on the spoke features near the Ecliptic
plane is caused by Single-exposure images that are rejected from the
AllWISE Multiframe processing because of scattered moonlight.

Comparing Figures 2-5 with the similar maps from the WISE All-Sky
Release Source Catalog (Figures 3-6 in section II.2.c of the All-Sky
Release Explanatory Supplement) reveals several important differences
that highlight AllWISE improvements. The gaps in the source counts
caused by image smearing when the spacecraft's magnetic torque rods
were activated are largely filled in W1 and W2 by the addition of the
second coverage epoch images. The sharp "halo" around the Galactic
plane in W1 and W2 is smoothed out by the improved source detection
and extraction algorithms. The large number of W3 and W4 "detections"
that tracked the zodiacal dust bands and bright stars all around the
sky in the All-Sky Release Catalog are greatly reduced in the AllWISE
Catalog because of the improved background estimation algorithms.




Hammer galactic projection grey-scale maps showing the cumulative
counts of >2-σ source detections computed in 0.2°x0.2° spatial bins,
by band, in the AllWISE Source Catalog. The W1 and W2 maps are linear
stretches, with the intensity mapping given by the scales at the
bottom of the images. The W3 and W4 maps are log stretches. The
Galactic center is at the center of the maps. Galactic north is
towards the top and galactic longitude increases to the left. The
center of the maps corresponds to galactic coordinates 0°,0°. Galactic
north is towards the top of the maps and galactic longitude increases
to the left.